 17:08:17 PM From Blood-Laced Vomit @ Milliways, Bainbridge Island
  
 ogre:  you're stupid. 
  
 todd:  the software itself, maybe? 

<Reversed +>

    91Oct29 17:54:18 PM From [wonk] Twoflower @ Milliways, Bainbridge Island
  
 ok, how about 
  
 1.27 stable as all heck 
   | 
 1.29 added features.  crashed. 
   | 
 1.30 added more features.  never released. 
  
 that better? 

    91Oct29 09:34:31 AM From [Me. Hey!] Shane Johnson [actually said something]
@ Creative Concepts, Seatac
Ogre... You need to worry about formatting. 
         
         
        GremCit 1.30 source was never made 100% public. I obtained rights to it
and created M.O.D.E. BBS which ran STABLEish for about a year and a half on the
Cauldron. I'm definate that that code has passed into oblivion. However,
sections of 1.30 code are in GremCit 3.20a code. Nice touches like message
base/logfile/roomfile/etc Resizing, Faster execution, and others are partially
attributed to 1.30 source. GremCit 3.20a is a compilation of all that's deemed
BEST in Citadel programming by both users and sysops. It pulls together many
Ideas. 
         
        M.O.D.E. BBS is still arround my room someplace, and sometime in the
future may show up as a node on the Network. 
  
 ---- 
  - Creative Concepts - (206)433-8084 6pm-6am

    91Oct27 19:36:57 PM From [??] Khumsin Quartz [;;] @ The Bilge, South
Seattle Hell
 Ogre: next time, format it like this : :) 
  
  
  
 Changes To DragCit 3.12A/609 By Anticlimactic Teleservices Ltd. 
   
 1.  Converted DragCit to Microsoft C 6.00A 
 2.  Replaced Serial routines with SER.ASM 
 3.  Replaced SWAP with Spawno 
 4.  Replaced Xmodem.c with reliable WC.C from gremcit/pre Acit 
 5.  X>clude room needs no confirmation 
 6.  '?' door function added to Apsystem() 
 7.  Put .rd .rt .ri etc. back in. 
 8.  Read Verbose Textfile added 
 9.  Old f10 help menu put back in 
 10. Password not displayed in .read configuration 
 11. Back to n total, n messages, n new 
 12. Added  message # range to .RS 
 13. Infofiles can handle 30 character user names 
 14. #alldone removed from config.cit 
 15. #oldcount implemented 
 16. No longer makes logged-in user a Sysop on F6-X (sysop exit) 
 17. Added '&' enter config.cit from sysop menu. 
 18. Added command line switch -E, same as F6-& 
 19. Implemented #DIRPATH 
 20. Implemented #ANONAUTHOR 
 21. Implemented #TWITREGION 
 22. Implemented #TWITCOUNTRY 
 23. Implemented #DIAL_RING 
 24. Implemented #UP_HOURS 
 25. Implemented #UP_DAYS 
 26. 'C'ontinue from edit menu prints out message. 
 27. Anonymous E-mail is allowed. 
 28. added .R! (LZH file) for lack of a better key. 
 29. Configurable display of titles & surnames 
 30. Configurable display of subjects 
 31. Configurable display of signatures 
 32. Configurable display of IBM Graphics Character 
 33. User configurable Color Attributes 
 34. Ega 43 line support. 
 35. #NETMAIL in config.cit. put net mail in proper room if it exists. 
 36. #SUBHUBS re-Implemented 
 37. #SYSOP, messages to sysop will go to #SYSOP 
 38. Acit Cron-list, Acit Read Userlog, Acit .RB, Acit holidays, Acit #ROOM 
 39. network dialout pays attention to modem response codes. 
 40. Colors allowed in room names, titles & surnames etc..  
     #TWIT_FEATURES COLORS  enables entry of color stuff on your board. 
 41. Full support of colors in everything.  Colors passed through on net. 
 42. Auto baud rate on net dial out.   
     IMPORTANT CHANGE: all #dial_ring users now use #dumbmodem 3 
                       all other hayes compat users use #dumbmodem 0  
  
     #baud   Nuked from nodes.cit   (auto-baud detect) 
     #redial Nuked from nodes.cit   (not used) 
 43. Config checks paths to see if they exist. 
 44. Auto Resizing message and log files, up and down.   
    via #MESSAGEK & #MAXLOGTAB 
  
  
 ---- 
 Trent Reznor is god

    91Oct30 01:42:56 AM From Livia
 wow 
  
 If GremCit 3.20a is really "all that's deemed BEST in Citadel programming",
then Gremlin is entirely finished with it, right?  And all the other Cit
programmers might as well just give up now.  :) 

    91Oct29 22:14:16 PM From [Me. Hey!] Shane Johnson [actually said something]
@ Creative Concepts, Seatac
actually... 
         
        1.30 was released... and it was stable, with the features. 
  
 ---- 
  - Creative Concepts - (206)433-8084 6pm-6am

    91Oct30 03:53:31 AM From [ACit] Richard Goldfinder [reduces to less than 1K
bytes!] @ The Raft
 What does M.O.D.E. stand for? 
  
 ---- 
 Blow it out your ACit!

    91Oct30 10:44:37 AM From [??] Khumsin Quartz [;;] @ The Bilge, South
Seattle Hell
if i remember correctly, M.O.D.E. stands for "Modem-Operated Download
Environment"... 
  
 ---- 
 Trent Reznor is god

    91Oct30 14:44:35 PM From [??] Khumsin Quartz [;;] @ The Bilge, South
Seattle Hell
um, livia: 
  
 what i think he means is that the new GremCit incorporates all of the best
ideas from all of the current citadel variants past & present.. 
   
  and if nothing else, at least matt implements requested changes within a
reasonable length of time..... 
  
 ---- 
 Trent Reznor is god

    91Oct30 17:46:42 PM From [wonk] Twoflower @ Milliways, Bainbridge Island
  
 Moderately  
 Operational 
 Doesn't  
 Explode (often) 

    91Oct30 10:09:16 AM From [Me. Hey!] Shane Johnson [actually said something]
@ Creative Concepts, Seatac
But since people want more features all the time, it's not complete yet... :) 
  
 ---- 
  - Creative Concepts - (206)433-8084 6pm-6am

    91Oct30 20:18:31 PM From [Me. Hey!] Shane Johnson [actually said something]
@ Creative Concepts, Seatac
  
 It was to be: 
        Modem Oriented Download Environment... AND a pun on DOS's MODE
command... There were several names of the EXE's... CTDL, MODE, and BBS. 
  
 It was going to be part of a chain of files... Since Cit already had file
transfer in a way that users wanted... It was going to stay easy. The message
base, rooms, halls, floors (Yes both halls and floors) were all a part of a
larger design program to be implemented later, however for functionallity, the
GremCit message base was kept... And it was 1.30's message base. The console
commands were implemented with ALT menus... Aide was made to work like Sysop,
all Functions were reached thru SYSOP menus (No having to load up the damned
"f" menu from sysop) and there was Debug code added to watch interupts, HASH
checking, and preliminary networking was started (granted, the cron was the
easier part...) Applications were a breez since I already had 200K free... (1
meg Message Base)  All in all, the project wasn't too bad. I gave it up due to
it being too time consuming, Userlog bugs became more apparent, and a Goto bug
was fixed. I tried to maintain compatability to DragCit's in one way or
another... But that was more hassle than it was worth (Politicly). 
  
 ---- 
  - Creative Concepts - (206)433-8084 6pm-6am

    Halloween '91 12:00:42 PM From Livia
 It was a joke, Khumsin.  I just thought that the language of Shane's original
post was a little overinflated. 
  
 BTW, what if two of the BEST features conflict? 

    91Nov01 06:55:02 AM From [The One and Only] Centauri [StarFighter Seeker] @
Centauri's Place, Dublin
   Speaking of features......   If Gremlin hasn't got ANSI music then he hasn't
got ALL of the best features yet    :) 

    91Nov02 11:08:06 AM From [die] Ogre [dead] @ Milliways, Bainbridge Island
  
 hasnt got? 
  
 doesnt have. 
  
 either way. 
  
 there are some things he's still adding. 
  
 leave him e-mail to : The Gremlin @ Skyline : 
  
 on any board netting with skyline. 
  
 or on any test site. 

    91Nov02 21:51:30 PM From Kinomon Firestar @ Memory Alpha, Kent
  
  First comment on the revision of the tree.. the last one I posted was more
acurate that that.. Ideatree is not not not a Cit86 thing, nor does it belong
above GremCit in any way! The orignal tree was much more useful. 
  
  *roles his eyes as mutation of history, AGAIN* 
  
  1.18, not 1.27, thank you. It didn't even have interupt driven serial code,
was an archaic version of GremCit.. (I think it was 1.18, may have been
erlier.) In any event there was a lot of indpendant development that ran side
by side.. A big waste of effort since the gremcit side of that brantch bit the
big one, but hey, thats life.  
  
  No, I am not compleatly gone.. I was bored and DO still have an account here.
 
  
  Anyway, if there is any questions about DragCit history, PLEASE send mail
over The Internet to kinomon@glia.biostr.washington.edu.. I would be more than
happy to set you straight (about the history that is.. sexuality is another
issue. >:).  
  
  No, for all those that might expect it, I am not upset at Matt (Gremy) for
using my source code. Hell, I started with his, fair is fair. To those who are
upset about it: leave it alown. Thats my wishes, ok? 
  
  Mate ne, Minna-san.. perhaps I will be back in a month.. I can't stand to see
history warped. 
  
 ---- 
 Memory Alpha - The Information BBS!

    91Nov03 22:19:04 PM From [wonk] Twoflower @ Milliways, Bainbridge Island
  
 So now on the tree, GremCit 1.30 and DragCit 3.12 should collide to form the
new GremCit. 

    91Nov04 06:48:45 AM From [The One and Only] Centauri [StarFighter Seeker] @
Centauri's Place, Dublin
   That's what I'm seeing.   As far as the Tree being inaccurate......  It was
a direct capture from Kinoman.   :) 

    Election Day '91 15:55:22 PM From Max
  
        That's "matTe," I hope; please don't be insulting. 
  

    Election Day '91 18:42:13 PM From [[SOON TO BE]] Locksley [[SYSOP]] @
Dwidian's Habitat, Pleasanton
   I agree. 

    91Nov06 21:21:22 PM From Cave Bear @ PhotoSynthesis
Chill Max, Kinomon is a self admitted rotton speller but he makes up for it
with his keen programming and master wizardry at debugging. 
  
 ---- 
 Jesus saves, Gretsky steals, shoots, scores!

    91Nov06 22:39:34 PM From [pinkish green] Twoflower @ Milliways, Bainbridge
Island
  
 'keen programming' and 'master wizardry at debugging.' 
  
 i'm sorry i'm laughing, but that's the first time i've ever heard anyone use
any such phrase in relation to dragon. 

    91Nov07 06:01:03 AM From [Messager] Nasal Slime Eruption [of Satan]
  
 todd, a question. 
  
 if dragon is such a terrible programmer, why is every single cit program being
'created' is based directly off his source code? 

    91Nov07 06:01:35 AM From [Messager] Nasal Slime Eruption [of Satan]
  
 on, even. 

    91Nov07 09:33:41 AM From [Nirvana, NIN, Depeche Mode,] Shane Johnson [,
Parties... All sound great.] @ Creative Concepts, Federal Way
What? Peter actually using "keen programming" ability while programming
Citadel? That's like god allowing it to snow in July. 
  
 ---- 
  - Creative Concepts - HAS MOVED!

    91Nov07 13:33:22 PM From [pinkish green] Twoflower @ Milliways, Bainbridge
Island
  
  
 well, all I've heard is fairly negative things about how dragon had done
things... "oh, how he implemented this is just so kludgy" and "this needs to be
fixed because Dragon never did." 
  
 I'm sure there are many things he did right...  I just don't hear many people
going out of their way to sing his praises as a programmer. 

    91Nov07 17:41:03 PM From [Messager] Nasal Slime Eruption [of Satan]
  
 but, you don't see people going off and writing those things on their own, do
you? 
  
 one would think this meant something. 

    91Nov07 20:56:12 PM From [Olive Lover] Richard Goldfinder [!love Liver]
 one could perhaps write it off to others writing good code, or at least
looking at it and telling dragon where the mistakes were (assuming that he
listened) 
  
 Peter, Matt, et al invested a lot of time in Citadel programming.  Although
some of the ideas were not implemented well, at least the framework exists.
It's better than reinventing the wheel, or throwing out the baby with the bath
water. 
  
 I was quite pleased with the quality of the code I started with.  It just had
some rough spots that needed polishing. 

    91Nov07 16:17:16 PM From Cave Bear @ Fred's Toy, Bothell
Twoflower: You have admitted to not being a cit programmer so you can't
appreciate the work that goes into creating modules. Shane Johnson: Are you
saying what it appears to imply? I thought you were a better man than that. I
have a huge amount of respect for Peter Torkelson, Ray Johnson, Fred McClain
and a few other folks who do their talking via productive means. Twoflower is a
jerk and a looser and it befits someone like him who is counter productive to
post everywhere he can in order to appear otherwise but Shane, you ought to
know better. 

    91Nov07 09:48:28 AM From [Nirvana, NIN, Depeche Mode,] Shane Johnson [,
Parties... All sound great.] @ Creative Concepts, Federal Way
Andy: People use what they can get their hands on. Even bad code, if its free,
will be used. 
  
 ---- 
  - Creative Concepts - HAS MOVED!

    91Nov08 05:21:39 AM From Fo Ming @ Mouth
   actually, seeing peter's code was one arguement in avoiding the C language
whenever i can... 
  
   the only thing i respect peter for is the fact that he did make something
that more or less works.   not elegant in the least, but it seems to thrash its
way through the process.  unix is elegant compared to citadel.  automotive
emmisions controls are elegant compared to citadel... 
  
   the things i don't respect him for is his attitude and 78.6% of his
personality.  i can handle his spelling and kludgy structure if i had to.  i
can't handle his god-like attitude and fake humbleness...   'i'm just a poor
little programmer that everyone seems to beat up on...' 
  
   i have a serious problem with anyone who thinks their opinion is
automatically correct and mine is automatic shit.   that's just the way it (my
attitude) is.   feel free to ask around.  i tend to go with bulletproof
solutions because i consider it a personal failing if my code blows up on
someone else, and damn everyone else who thinks what i do is overkill... 
  

    91Nov07 23:09:57 PM From Thomas P. Dooley @ Memory Alpha, Kent
  
 Those are pretty standard things to say about anyone's programming style that
differs from your own...   
 Pointing fingers at people and being derisive at their skills to make yourself
look better is childish...   
   and Jeremiah - it DOES snow in July.    
  
 Someone was asking what the differences were between all the recent cit
breeds.  Is there a list of the various features they currently have that make
them truly unique currently in circulation? 
  
 ---- 
 Memory Alpha - The Information BBS!

    91Nov08 03:56:05 AM From [Nirvana, NIN, Depeche Mode,] Shane Johnson [,
Parties... All sound great.] @ Creative Concepts, Federal Way
Peter himself has stated repeatedly, that Citadel is not his best work. (This
is especially showing now since he's gone over to mucking in mud's). 
  
 ---- 
  - Creative Concepts - HAS MOVED!

    91Nov08 11:52:57 AM From [starmusic] Zen master [with deep-brown eyes] @
Age of Aquarius
 nasal: it's obvious.  people prefer repairing wheels to reinventing them.
most people don't have enough spare time as it is. 

    91Nov09 06:05:45 AM From Fo Ming @ Mouth
  unless, of course, you're like me and you rip out hopeless broken-as-designed
stuff and replace it with what other would probably call 'broken as
designed'... 

    91Nov09 08:01:55 AM From [I belong on Alpha] Centauri [and I want to go
back!] @ Centauri's Place, Dublin
   Re:  Strengths and Differences of various Citadels. 
   I don't think anyone has ever tried to put  a list together.   Things also
change too fast.   I know that features were added to CenCit about once a week
for 5 months.  I also know that when one of the programmers comes up with
something really unique or useful, it get's shared and implemented, if not in
direct source code, the idea is implemented. 
   If you truly want to go "Citadel Shopping", you should get the Documentation
(if it exists) that list major features, the history of bug-fix-enhancement
file, or try each one.   Each SysOp will probably be biased a bit to what they
are running, but they can tell what features are available also. 

    91Nov10 20:00:59 PM From [cumkwatt] Twoflower @ Milliways, Bainbridge
Island
  
 Cave Bear: 
  
 I may not know much about Cit programming, but I do know a few things about
sysoping. 
  
 I do know that any sysop who would pull his board off the net because a few
people tried to tell him what a dork he was being is an intense loser. 
  
 I have yet to see a post from you that I would say has any value. 
  
 Hey, maybe it WAS good you pulled your board from the net.  We don't have to
read your inanity and stupidity. 

    91Nov10 22:10:50 PM From [CitCrash ?] test account [: ModifySourceMore();]
@ The Log Cabin
  Suggestion on GremCit - allow locked baud rates for callout; I have seen many
many modem pairs which, despite BOTH being 2400 baud modems (some from the same
manufacturer!) WILL NOT CONNECT at over 300 baud.  Period. 
  The Log Cabin nets with Greenspace at 300, until one or both of us get
disgusted at the baud rate & fix it it'll stay that way...  (not really the
right room, BUT :) 
  
 ---- 
 Home of Co-Op Citadel. (206) 362-5188

    Veteran's Day '91 00:18:43 AM From [starmusic] Zen master [with deep-brown
eyes] @ Age of Aquarius
 hmm.  I don't have a complete list, but can mention a few off the top of my
head... I've mentioned many of these before; some seem to have become rather
popular.. :) 
  
 partial reconfigure.  check and create directories on startup.  default path
for directory rooms.  userlog-edit menu option to reset msg pointers.  .EF to
other node, will also forward all rec'd netmail.  #TWIT_FEATURES also enables
TWIT_REGION display. 
 
 network "bulletproofing" includes: store #ROOM and #GROUP entries dynamically,
don't need to re-read the nodefile.  optional multiple nodefiles in #NETPATH,
which will allow for different format of nodefiles for non-Citadel protocols.
remote rooms are never requested if room doesn't exist locally.  pointers not
updated, and netmail file not deleted, if netting failed (carrier loss). 
 
 optional netmail in actual room (Shane, I saw your post in the Fredcit room,
over a year ago... it works fine, and always has.  I never worried about
roomname mapping, for reasons explained in the Net 3.0 discussion.) 
 
 other ideas came from assorted sources.. mostly, it has a combination of DC
3.11 and some FredCit features (like ISO color, and parts of EXTERNAL.CIT).
eventually I'll add the rest of the parts of 3.12 that >weren't< a step
backward. 
 
 I think, from everyone's list, it'll be apparent that we all have different
priorities; I've concentrated on networking, for the most part. 

    Veteran's Day '91 08:48:26 AM From Max
  
        Incidentally, although this is more than a little late, "minna-san" is
incorrect--it's either "minna" or "mina-san." 
  

    Veteran's Day '91 14:19:37 PM From Bobbie @ PhotoSynthesis
Cave Bear is not running a program that will net right now with us and that is
why he is not netting when the problems are straightened out as I understand it
he will net with Photosynthesis agian and would be netting with Shades if it
were not long distance.    
  
 ---- 
 Jesus saves, Gretzky steals, shoots, scores!

    Veteran's Day '91 17:22:44 PM From Cave Bear @ PhotoSynthesis
Twoflower:   :) 
 I'm not offended in the least by your response. However, you are incorrect in
your assumption(s). I feel that I've incurred your wrath and yet I know not
why. Should I care? I don't. ...| Does anyone have a copy of the original
DragCit? I need it for comparison. Some of my definitions are hanging.
|Whatever happened to Joe Broxton? 
  
 ---- 
 Jesus saves, Gretzky steals, shoots, scores!

    Veteran's Day '91 21:46:51 PM From Kinomon Firestar @ Memory Alpha, Kent
  
  Sorry for getting back so quick, both systems I get net access through were
down, so I was boored. 
  
  Gawds, this room is almost as much fun as rec.games.mud where peoples sexual
preferences are draged into fights. But I digress... 
  
  As for my coding styal.. some of dragcit is realy nice, some ok, some down
right ugly. I leanred how to program writing that... THING... It has some major
design flaws that existed before I got it, stuff that I never got around to
rewriting, simply beacuse it would break most of the code in the system. (I did
that with the insane-number-of-carrier-status-varibles and it broke damn near
the whole program. Took me a bit to debug that mess. :) 
  
  The point is that Citadel code has sucked since day one. It has gotten worse
with most people. I like to feel that at least parts of it got better with my
time in it.. but that there are still some ugly, ugly things in there. 
  
  
  In the words of David Bonn, networking is a sleazy hack. :) 
  
   
  In any event, I will let the fact that most of you are now running my code,
either in DragCit, TurboCit, CenCit, FredCit, MavenCit, Elegra, TwitCit, etc.,
etc., and last, but not least, GremCit... speak for itself. 
  
  You could all have started with 1.18 gremcit, or with Cit86, or Asguard, or
one of a number of other popular Citadels as your baise, you did not, those
here chose DragCit.. 
  
  
  As for my non-citadel coding? Well, I have the fact that the Orrtax coding
standard is writen from my code to back me up there. 
  
  
  I will update and repost my last version of the tree here sometime in the
next month.... 
  
  
  See you later, 
  
      Kino 
  
 ---- 
 Memory Alpha - The Information BBS!

    91Nov12 20:33:13 PM From [trust in me] Twoflower @ Milliways, Bainbridge
Island
  
 "Twoflower is a jerk and a looser and it befits someone like him who is
counter productive to post everywhere he can in order to appear otherwise" 
  
 (all spelling mistakes are Cave Bear's.  I just copied it.) 
  
 Gosh, I don't know what problems I might have with that statement. 
  
 Well, Cave Bear, how many bugs have you found for the programmers to fix?  I
do recall that I found the .ai bug, and I know I found plenty of 'em when I was
beta testing Elegia.  Several of the features that should hopefully be in the
new GremCit I came up with...  I wouldn't necessarily call myself counter
productive. 
  
 Not many of the people on this network who know me personally would call me a
jerk and a looser (why can't anyone ever seem to spell that right?)  I wouldn't
go as far as to say that I'm really popular, but I get along with most people I
know in person including Shane, Dragon, Gremlin, JJ, and most of the rest of
the programmers and many of the sysops. 
  
 Why you are saying "you're a jerk" then "but why would you dislike me?"  I
don't know what planet you're from, but maybe you LIKE being called a loser. 
  
 I seem to recall this idiotic redneck namecalling message in twit list a
number of months ago which, from all I've heard, was a joke, but you never said
so.  When several of us (not just me) were offended at the message and said so,
you said "You are all out after me.  I'm pulling my BBS from the network."  YOU
never claimed it was a joke.  I still don't know if it was or not. 
  
 Most of my statements about Dragon's Cit code he himself backed up, though I
agree with his statement that the Cit code probably wasn't great to start with.
I don't agree with bitching at programmers constantly about this and that, but
I also don't agree with just sitting apathetically by not saying anything about
the software at all.  Programmers need to be responsive to what the users want
or else their software will fall by the wayside, no matter if it's free or not.


    91Nov12 20:33:26 PM From [trust in me] Twoflower @ Milliways, Bainbridge
Island
  
 Oh, wait.  Andy would call me a loser.  I must be one then. 

    91Nov12 19:50:30 PM From resident @ The Raft
the fact that the orrtax coding standard is based on your code really doesn't
say much, as we don't know how good the orrtax coding standard is. 
  
   doobie. 
  
 ---- 
 Blow it out your ACit!

    91Nov13 01:55:20 AM From Grendel
  
 Hell, I even get along with Twoflower and I'm one of the most inflammatory
persons on the network. 
  
 I take pride in being a complete asshole at times. 
  
 Twoflower is pretty relaxed. Look at his BBS sometime. 

    91Nov12 23:55:00 PM From [??] Khumsin Quartz [;;] @ The Bilge, South
Seattle Hell
cit code was screwed even back in the CP/M days.. it was severely screwed in
cit86, somewhat unscrewed by gremlin, screwed and unscrewed in dragcit and it's
various decendants... 
  after 9 years, it could seriously use a total rewrite.. however nobody seems
to want to take that route...... 
  
 ---- 
 I was up above it, now i'm down in it.

    91Nov13 01:13:34 AM From Red Dorakeen @ Fred's Toy, Bothell
  
 twof: budding Cit programmers do two things with dragoncode --  
  
 1) take for granted what works well 
  
 2) bitch loudly about everything that DOESN'T work well. 
  
 now make sense, nu? 

    91Nov13 01:28:27 AM From Red Dorakeen @ Fred's Toy, Bothell
  
 don't put me on that tree yet, i've only got two real nodes operating and
they're both shell boards! 
  
 kinomon: know what you mean about networking and modem code... been trying to
figure out how to get CIT to recognize something more than the boolean
"CARRIER" state, such as WHY !CARRIER... god what a bitch! 
  
 programmers all and sundry: not adverse to sharing code, i, but dunno what
you'd WANT from RoscoeCit at this point.... "total rewrite" comes to mind
(waaaay too many global variables in this thing!) but i'm not THAT good with C!
auuugh! 

    91Nov13 07:30:17 AM From [Kill all you want] Angela Davis [We'll hate more]
 Possibly I'm contradicting previous speakers when I say that I've found
Peter's work to be sometimes neat, sometimes sloppy, but almost always inspired
and visionary. 

    91Nov13 11:09:51 AM From Max
  
        Praise the Lord! 
  

    91Nov13 09:39:37 AM From [chaos in] ford prefect [chaos in motion] @
Milliways, Bainbridge Island
  
 noone's going to argue with you peter, regarding your orrtax code work. 
  
 seeing as you worked there as main programmer for how many years? 
  
 the main question is, why doesn't orrtax make any money? 

    91Nov13 12:33:39 PM From [Perceive...] Jeremiah Johnson [...] @ The Log
Cabin
  Thomas P. Dooley:  Shane, not Jeremiah (myself so to speak) posted about snow
in july;  I agree, it does snow in July, though mainly in the southern
hemisphere!! 
  
 ---- 
 Home of Co-Op Citadel. (206) 362-5188

    91Nov13 12:49:10 PM From [Perceive...] Jeremiah Johnson [...] @ The Log
Cabin
  You know, I wouldn't call Co-OpCit "Dragon's code" exactly - I've spent a
lotta hours, and Zen's spent even more hours, getting things like Henge
netting, Cron to where it's sysop-usable, mail forwarding to other nodes,
Dynamic allocation for many arrays & structs (to save space), the ABILITY to
have a 16k message size without crashing & burning, netmail not be lost when a
net fails, autonode, all file names stored in ONE place (for efficiency & for
space), and so forth... 
  Definitely Yes, DragCit DID influence this cit (as DragCit was in it's turn
influenced by other programs!) - BUT - a LOT of this code's been reworked;  I
don't see The Gremlin saying anything like, "I'm glad you're all running my
code" here... 
  The sole reason I chose to start working Cit over was that I could not get
the minor changes I desired, put into DragCit, beg and ask though I might...  I
don't hate Dragon (like him as a person), I find his stubbornness great - when
I can get what I want despite it :-) 
  I guess I'm glad to be running CrT's code :-)  and Gremlin's, and Dragon's,
and Zen's, and Turtle's, and mine... 
  
 ---- 
 Home of Co-Op Citadel. (206) 362-5188

    91Nov13 18:37:35 PM From [trust in me] Twoflower @ Milliways, Bainbridge
Island
  
 Red:  what are you talking about?  I never said anything about budding cit
programmers... 
  
 and they should quit their bitching and put it to more productive use. 

    91Nov14 17:07:41 PM From Red Dorakeen @ Fred's Toy, Bothell
  twof: reference "dragoncode" ! "budding cit programmers" 

    Thanksgiving Day '91 11:24:14 AM From [Be Careful] The Night Stalker ['s
Gonna Get Ya!] @ Fred's Toy, Bothell
I Started NightCit From GremCit Code.  Which Is From DragCit Code.  Which Is
From CrT's Code, etc...  There Are MANY People Who Are Involoved In The Early
Citadel Development.  So There Are MANY People To Credit.  I'm Just Glad That
There Is Public Domain Code That People Can Work From, Rework, However You Want
To State It.  It's Better For Everybody Not To Flame AOn One Another About
Being "Counter Productive" When All CitSops And Programmers Are Very Productive
In The Token That Sops Find Bugs, And Come Up With Ideas For The Citadel That
Would Make BBS Life Much Simpler And More Fun.  I Also Think That This Is NOT
The Room For Slamming On People.  There Is A Designated Room For That.  Flame
Warz.  And If You Don't Have Access To It Anywhere, Tough Shit.  Just Keep It
All Out Of This Room.  This Room Is For People To Talk About The History Of
Citadel Type Systems. 

    Thanksgiving Day '91 13:15:10 PM From Livia
 Gee, Thanks, Night Stalker. 
  
 You Know, Nobody Is Ever Going To Take You Seriously Until You Stop Posting
Like This. 

BBS History> 