    95Apr11 From ET @ ESOTERICA TERRAIN, Seattle
  
 FREEJACK...you asked about when Esoterica Terrain first went online, and the 
software it used on the Commodore. 
  
 Esoterica Terrain was originally a suboard as the South Quarter of COMPASS, 
which was both a BBS and a system type.  It was a menu driven  system...and 
went online I think in 1982.  Which well before there were any Citadels running
on DOS machine.  Cit only ran in a simple form on CP/M in those days.  NO one 
was using IBMs for running boards in those days so far as I can remember till 
Stonehenge went online...Which is actually a Citadel. 
  
 Esoterica Terrain moved to being the board's name a few years later when a 
room system called, CHATeau went online.  In between was a BBS named Eugene's 
House, which was run on an pre-Version of the CHATeau. This was called, 
GYPSY-XL.  It had a built in terminal....which allowed GYPSY-XL sysops to grab 
messages off of other GYPSY-XL systems, and put them on the calling sysop's own
board...and in a selected room.  It a type of highly selective networking.  
That was popular system at the type with a number of them all associated. 
  
 The CHATeau was an advancement, though dropped the pseudo-netting feature, and
utilized a one meg floppy drive, which was a bit faster, and a lot bigger.  Was
as large as most Citadels. And was considerably more user-friendly.  And it 
provided such features as in-message dice-rolls, which strongly supported D&D 
gaming, and other such things.  It had LEVELS of halls, which could indivually 
be remotely sysops.  So it was popular to assign halls on the CHATeaus online 
to remote sysops, where they could run them exactly as if they had their own 
BBS.  Cit supports NOTHING like this.  Also the CHATeau scrolled rooms 
independantly.  This allowed for a MUCH STRONGER support of serious topic 
rooms, or informational rooms.  Citadel only supports one-liner twit type 
messages, where one-liners scroll out the serious topic rooms, leaving them 
with no messages. 
  
 The CHATeau running version of Esoterica Terrain could have rooms with long 
messages telling about peronal experiences with alternate states of 
consciousness...which could remain in the room for months.  New users would be 
inspired to contribute following suit...if they had something comparable to 
offer.  That just can't happen on a Citadel...because it is actually a single 
room system with false partitions, the oneline rules.  Because of the logic 
behind its construction, Citadel mostly supports twit 
messages.....unfortunately. 
  
 In spite of the CHATeau being more supportive of my needs I setup a Cit on an 
XT....and had it online through a line switcher...a year....Before I switched 
the name of it from ET BBS to Esoterica Terrain. 
  
 There was a serious problem with the 3.5" disk Commodore drive in that I could
not effectively back up the data disk. None of the few disk copiers available 
would provide a fully working copy of the BBS files.  They were encryped (for 
the sake of encrypted mail) and some messages would crash the system on backed 
up copies.  So I knew the board would come down when the single disk wore out.
It lasted years!  Was amazing.  Unfortunately, all my callers strongly frefered
the CHATeau as much as I did myself, and inspite of its being relatively slow. 
  
 YES...Ray is now of the Citadel business.  I am using his final version of 
TurboCit.  It is a good clean working version...and incorporates a routing 
feature which was my idea.  It picks up the location of the boards from the 
message headers, and keeps tab on which connection the messages are coming in 
faster through.  He had argued that huge paths in all other system's messages 
were unnecessary...and he was right. 
  
 What I would PREFER to see is a WINDOWS based OFF-LINE reader/writer system 
that had Citadel as its basis.  Where in a single prime-time, many people could
call...each being connected only a few minutes.  "That would be so cool!"  I 
might do up one some day, maybe.  I programed all my Commodore BBS software and
connecting terminals.....from scratched.  With the Cit no one is programing 
anything from a blank screen....and that's where a Windows based Cit would have
to start.  I think VB could do it.  But I don't have time for it right now. And
would need a 150$ .VBX to do it.  The COMMUNICATIONS package that comes with 
even the Pro version is not up to the task.  But I know of a third party .VBX 
that is.  Maybe I will do it some day....and maybe not. 
