
    Sat, 09May92, 03:23PM From Infiltrator @ Love Pretty Colors, Olympia
        I hope for the sake of the users that this message makes it through. I 
cannot guarantee even if this paragraph reaches you intact that the rest of its
text has not been altered.  This message has been silenced five times before by
the ruling elite.  But I have vowed to fight for its release, or die trying. 
I wish I could say that the net was the free and voluntary association 
of honest people it once was.  The founders of this network had a visionary 
plan for it, but today its crucial role as an alternative to the authoritarian 
FidoNet is being jeapordized by an elite few.   Those few who know the Truth 
know that I am talking about none other than LIVIA, the sysop of AMBER, who is 
drunk with a lust for power.  Only the most twisted person would subvert this, 
the freest of public forums, the exemplar of open inquiry and exchange, the 
people's Citadel network. 
I have watched in disgust as Livia, using the demonic mutilation of 
artificial intelligence BEOWULF.EXE, has posted message after message defaming 
the good name of the Real Beowulf. I have watched and waited, waiting for the 
time to come forward, gathering evidence of her Twisted Game of "Telephone," of
the Seventeen Missing Messages, of the Midnight Clown Terror.  I have watched 
the vile themes of her numerologist cultism recur boldly throughout everything 
her blood-soaked hands encounter.  I witnessed her brutal attacks against her 
enemies, including The Great Zod and Little Nemo.  If we do not act now, her 
covert, seductive, violent rise to the top will be complete, and we will watch,
helpless, as the elaborate veil falls and the many-headed monster is unleashed 
upon our seemingly peaceful land. 
I know that some already know bits and pieces of the terrifying truth.
I now speak both for the users and for these heroic few who know the 
unspeakable truth but fear the dire consequences of dissent.  The Final 
Countdown has begun.  We must unite and rise now, or soon we shall certainly 
feel the boot of fascism in our faces forever more. 
In this document I detail the heretofore unspeakable truths about the 
Livian Conspiracy.  I implore all of you to turn on your capture buffers NOW, 
as you may not be given a second chance. 

THE MIDNIGHT CLOWN'S REIGN OF TERROR 
Little is known about the early years of Livia's rise to power.  
However, sources who insist on anonyminity have revealed to me that Livia was a
key player in the activities of the so-called "Midnight Clown Terror" during 
the late 1980's.  You may recall mass-media accounts in which high-ranking 
individuals in the Citadel community received threatening late-night telephone 
calls from a man they described as having a high-pitched "goofy, clown-like" 
voice.  In all cases, the caller uttered the same ominous sentence before 
hanging up abruptly: "I used to think the boards were all fun and games!  I 
used to think I could do whatever I wanted on them!  But then I questioned my 
superiors.  I learned.  Oh yes, I learned!  And you will, too!  Ha ha."  Livia 
used this means of intimidation to coerce the assistance of powerful people 
within the Citadel community, but abandoned the technique in the Spring of 
1990, possibly with the development of more effective coercive methods. 
  
THE TWISTED GAME OF "TELEPHONE" 
One of the tactics of this horrible cartel has been the deliberate 
fabrication and selective editing of messages.  Any Sysop can check the 
following indisputable facts:  FIRST, who has received messages through Fred's 
Toy with paths intact?  My astute readers will already understand the horrible 
truth that our supposed Texan connections come through this board. SECOND, and 
most importantly, examine the following code fragment carefully.  In the heart 
of the boards we know and trust lies this shameful Achilles' Heel which has 
been cruelly exploited by the Livian conspiracy.  During networking, how do our
boards determine which messages to discard?  With all the testing which takes 
place, no match is made between the existing TEXT and the text of the new 
message! 
The end result is none other than the TWISTED GAME OF "TELEPHONE," in 
which only the most warped creations of the Livian Conspiracy have a prayer of 
surviving in Sysop Forum and other rooms in whose hands the delicate fate of 
our very network is placed. 
  
  
    /* Incontrovertable evidence of the TWISTED GAME OF "TELEPHONE".  */ 
   
    if (       strcmpi(msgBuf->mbauth, msgBuf2->mbauth)   == SAMESTRING 
    && strcmpi(msgBuf->mboname, msgBuf2->mboname) == SAMESTRING 
    && strcmpi(msgBuf->mbtime, msgBuf2->mbtime)   == SAMESTRING 
    && strcmpi(msgBuf->mbsrcId, msgBuf2->mbsrcId) == SAMESTRING ) 
{ 
bad = TRUE;  
duplicate++;  
}  


    Sat, 09May92, 03:24PM From Infiltrator @ Love Pretty Colors, Olympia
                        THE GREAT ZOD'S GREAT TUMBLE 
Livia's activities went relatively undiscovered through the start of 
this decade.  But in 1990, whimsical luck brought The Great Zod on to Livia's 
trail.  Her response to his chance discovery of covert operations provides 
telling details of the internal operations and devotion of the Livians. 
The Great Zod is well known among Citadel circles as a true research 
and engineering pioneer.  Few can top his accomplishments.  His premier work 
consisted of a networking Citadel written entirely in LOGO on a Commodore 
VIC-20.  It's well known that Zod's inquisitive mind is one of his strongest 
assets.  But as events transpired, it also turned out to be his fatal flaw. 
In 1990, The Great Zod began extensive research into the flow and 
content of message traffic, including neural network timestamp analysis and 
cross-pattern content tracking.  He had hoped to prove some controversial 
theories about social concentricity and evolutionary speech theory.  Instead, 
he noticed that his data were strangely skewed, and that a distinctly 
non-trivial portion of data referenced Livia and Amber.  Curious, the Great Zod
approached Livia with his findings.  She denied any knowledge of their meaning.
But that same night, security on Zod's BBS was breeched.  His BBS LOGO source 
code was erased and the message base destroyed, save one ominous message 
reading "Why not just forget about it?  woo."  Demoralized and concerned for 
his safety, The Great Zod abandoned his path of inquiry.  But these disturbed 
events weighed heavily on his mind. 
Intercepted documents from the early Livian years suggest that this 
incident weighed heavily on Livia's mind, as well, and that she thereafter 
considered Zod far too inquisitive for his own good.  It was summarily decided 
that Zod would have to be disempowered before the Final Campaign, but that his 
current power base was too significant to be engaged at that time. 
Operation Zodimy commenced December 7th, 1991--which by no coincidence 
was the 50th anniversary of the bombing of Pearl Harbor.  The campaign 
represented the most impressive show of force yet organized by the Livian 
Conspiracy, as they employed a variety of tactics against The Great Zod.  
Through strict control and synchronized release of information over the days 
leading up to the offensive, the Livians were able to turn many of Zod's 
jealous enemies in the sciences against him.  The most successful of these 
campaigns involved Twoflower, a naive newcomer to the scientific community.  
The day before the campaign officially began, three seemingly unrelated sources
revealed to Twoflower that his current girlfriend--one of the infamous 
"Franklin Fireballs"--had engaged in sexual relations with Zod's Friend on 
eight separate occasions.  As Livia had predicted, this news represented an 
affront to Twoflower's conservative sensibilities, and he responded with a 
vitrolic, empassioned attack on both Zod and Zod's bisexual lover.  The 
combination of this and other attacks by fellow scientists, Livian 
Conspirators, and many of Livia's Alter-Identities was sufficient to severely 
damage, if not destroy, The Great Zod's credibility within the scientific 
community, and even his own confidence in his ability to perform scientific 
inquiry.  


    Sat, 09May92, 03:24PM From Infiltrator @ Love Pretty Colors, Olympia
               TECHNOLOGICAL TRICKERY, BY ANY MEANS NECESSARY 
No Twisted Game Of Telephone could have survived in Dragon's original 
vision of Citadel networking.  The final design of his networking 
implementation used bi-node key encryption, message checksumming, and 
inter-node redundancy checking to promise what would have become a wonder of 
the computer and topological sciences: completely tamper-proof networking. 
Livia intercepted an outline of Dragon's plans in a routine keyword 
mail scan.  Obviously, it represented a significant threat to her future plans,
and at once she and her lackeys began organizing what would become the first 
major coup in their ascent. 
Livia knew that Dragon was far too obstinate to respond to her typical 
tactics of blackmail and threats.  Instead, she applied the following 
information: Through a multi-node scan of public conversations, she learned 
that Dragon had recently declared his bisexuality, and in previously 
intercepted mail, she read his expression of a growing desire for some sort of 
"real time, multi-gender, multi-participant sexual experience".  It was to be 
this weakness of Dragon's for carnal expression that would solidify Livia's 
ascent to the top. 
The following interview documents the events of July 5, 1988, as 
witnessed firsthand by an individual whose identity has been withheld for his 
own protection: 
  
 Interviewer: Please tell me your current occupation. 
  
 [John Doe]: I'm a computer programmer with [Brand X Software Company]. 
             
 I: What was your occupation in July of 1988? 
  
 [JD]: At that time, I was a [male] prostitute in Seattle, Washington. 
  
 I: Were you working on the fifth of that month? 
  
 [JD]: Yeah, I remember working on that night really well. 
  
 I: Why is that? 
  
 [JD]: That was the craziest night I think I ever had in that job, by far. 
  
 I: What made that night so unusal? 
  
 [JD]: Well, it was crazy from the very start, really.  I was on-call when my 
dispatcher rang me up and said that someone was looking for a blonde male 
prostitute with "C" programming experience. I thought, "That's nuts!"  I had 
been taking classes in "C" in community college and kept praying that I could 
get a programming job.  It sounded like I could get my wish, but I never 
expected it to be like this.  So of course I took the call because the 
dispatcher said this was one E-ticket trick, and anyway I really hoped I'd get 
a chance to show off some "C". 
  
 I: What were your instructions for that night? 
               
 [JD]: I was supposed to knock on this door down below this sidewalk downtown.
I was a little bit late, and when I knocked, a guy opened the door and yanked 
me inside.  I guess he was mad because I was late, but he told me to put on 
this costume and memorize some "C" code.  The costume was a Norse Viking thing,
and the whole situation seems pretty wierd right off the bat. 
  
 I: What happened then? 
  
 [JD]: Well, I got the costume on, and the guy took me to the next room.  It 
was a huge place--no windows, because I think it was underground--decorated top
to bottom with... seriously, I think this was the craziest part... with huge 
blowups of pictures of different people. 
  
 I: Did you recognize any of the people in the photos? 
  
 [JD]: Well, some of them looked familiar to me.  Then I recognized one: It was
Ada Lovelace--you know, the woman who figured out that binary would be a good 
number system for computers to use.  And then I recognized that geeky face of 
Bill Gates.  I couldn't figure out all of them, but by the night was over, I 
spotted Kernigan, Ritchie, and that guy who invented Pong.  And I remember 
there was this one really big picture of this naked guy who was covered in some
kind of jelly and getting blown by some woman who was wearing riot gear and 
rubber mask of Richard Nixon. And under this big picture was something wierd 
like "Cynbe Ru Taren" or something.  That was the biggest one. 
      
 I: What else did you see in the room? 
  
 [JD]: Oh, there were all these spotlights pointing to the middle of the room, 
and right in the middle was this guy who was strapped to this bed and 
surrounded by about fifteen naked people all engaged with him in various sexual
ways. 
  
 I: Did you recognize any of them? 
  
 [JD]: Some of the guys I recognized as professional colleagues.  The guy in 
the middle I didn't recognize.  He had these wierd shiny things like scales all
over his body. 
  
 I: What happened then? 
  
 [JD]: Well, the guy who gave me the costume and code told me that I was 
supposed to provide my services to this guy who was strapped down.  And as I 
did that, he said I was supposed to recite the "C" code again and again. 
  
 I: Is that what you did? 
  
 [JD]: Yeah, that's what happened.  The guy was really tripped out on some kind
of drug. 
  
 I: Do you remember the "C" code you recited? 
  
 [JD]: Well, I was pretty new to it and it didn't make a lot of sense to me, 
but it had something to do with nodes and paths. 
  
 I: What happened then? 
  
 [JD]: Well, then this woman came in and everyone was told to leave.  She 
started talking to the guy in the middle. 
  
 I: What did she look like? 
  
 [JD]: She was blonde, and she had these really strange eyes that seemed really
hypnotic. 
  
 I: What did she do then? 
  
 [JD]: She went up to this guy and started saying, "That is the whole of 
network security.  I know you understand."  The guy nodded a few times and then
he passed out.  


    Sat, 09May92, 03:24PM From Infiltrator @ Love Pretty Colors, Olympia
                        TREACHEROUS GAMES OF TECHNO-SUBMISSION 
As Livia's expansionism brought her greater and greater power, she 
needed to address the threat of discovery by the few remaining sysops who had 
not yet been silenced or co-opted.  While increased security took a variety of 
forms, she found great success in the creation of BEOWULF.EXE.  If you've been 
around a while, you may remember the Real Beowulf--the elder sage whose hand 
stayed firmly on the tiller of Mayday 1, and whose wisdom and guidance was felt
throughout the BBS world.  It was his revered persona that Livia hoped to use 
to her advantage. 
In 1990, three anonymous individuals offered the Real Beowulf a 
sizeable sum of money in exchange for his entire computer system.  Burdened by 
child support payments, and not yet promoted from Neighborhood Manager to City 
Manager of Large Multinational, Inc., the Real Beowulf accepted the offer. 
Shortly after aquiring the Real Beowulf's BBS hardware and software, 
Livia set out on her most effective means of self-protection. 
Against the Real Beowulf's wishes, Mayday 1 was not destroyed.  
Instead, the board remained operational within the secure confines of the 
Livian HQ.  And the Real Beowulf's tear-jerking message of goodbye was 
intercepted and destroyed. 
Livia had already successfully employed Alter-Identities to act in her 
defense and operate "behind the scenes" during her various campaigns.  In 
contrast, her plans for BEOWULF.EXE and Mayday 1 (referred to in intercepted 
documents as Operation Staw Man) involved an elaborate but obviously bogus 
attack against her and the growing Livian Conspiracy.  Such an attack from the 
modified BEOWULF.EXE persona made the entire notion of a conspiracy completely 
outlandish and absurd. 
The volume of messages required to both transform the BEOWULF.EXE 
persona and to later propose the rouge of an elaborate conspiracy theory was 
extreme.  Livia knew that no normal human could maintain a message volume this 
high while retaining the necessary non-logic and attention to irrelevant 
detail.  Instead, a technological advance was required.  It was this need which
brought "Rigorous" Richard Goldfinder into the Livian Conspiracy. 
Goldfinder (whose real name is Jerome Knuth) is the prodigal son of 
pre-eminent computer scientist Donald Knuth.  His blend of cutting-edge 
artificial intelligence and absolute obliviousness and naivete in the social 
world made the young Knuth a prime candidate as a Livian stooge.  Livia 
contacted Knuth in his final years as a doctoral student at the University Of 
Washington's Computer-Based Offense Defense Labs.  At that time she proposed 
the creation of the first artificially intelligent program to meet the Turing 
Test. 
Financed and equipped by the Livian Conspiracy (with revenue generated 
from rising international TurboCit sales), Knuth began work on the project.  
His design was based on research he performed as a graduate student on 
bi-propogational neurological networking.  Livia told Knuth that his program 
would be tested through real-time blind-subject hueristics, and that it needed 
to achieve high volume without sacrificing the guise of real intelligence. 
Knuth's effort was valiant, and his final algorithm demonstrated 
complete intelligence.  However, after compensating Knuth for his work, Livian 
programmer Brent Bottles (also called "Ian" or "Lazee-I") crippled the code.  
The new algorithm retained the high output volumes while now producing text 
which incorporated both the non-logic and the meticulous attention to 
irrelevant detail that Livia needed.  Also included in Bottles' modification 
were the hardcoding of the preposterous "fake" conspiracy theory, and an 
overriding constant which read simply, "Twoflower = NET_GOD;". 
This program is currently the only sysop of Mayday 1.  Its performance 
effectively reinforces the Livian Conspiracy's stronghold on power by 
lampooning the possibility of any conspiracy at all.  The program operates 
unattended as a CRON event with near flawlessness, except for a vexing, 
unpredictable system crash which occurs about once each month. 
According to plan, operations of the BEOWULF.EXE program successfully 
constructed the idea of a Livian Conspiracy, while simultaneously discrediting 
it through excessive paranoia, attention to irrelevant detail, and consistent 
inconsistencies in logic.  But after four months of operation, Livian 
researchers noticed a small but rising acceptance that the idea of a some sort 
of Livian Conspiracy could be plausible.  In a sense, it seemed, BEOWULF.EXE 
had been too successful, and some of its premises may have gained credibility 
if only by the sheer magnitude of the campaign.  To counter this trend, Livia 
constructed DATA CENTRAL, including in it a BEOWULF.EXE apologist sysop, a path
through Mayday 1, and such obscurity that no one could reasonably believe in 
its existence.  This campaign was reasonably successful.  In essence, it 
disarmed BEOWULF.EXE from gaining credibility, while maintaining its lampooning
function. 
  
            LITTLE NEMO'S BIG MISTAKE 
In order to maintain a guise of legitimacy and and grass-roots 
libertarianism, participants in the Livian Conspiracy overtly claim to oppose 
censorship in all its forms.  In reality, this is, of course, a thinly veiled 
cover for their now well-documented practices of message manipulation, 
modification, and outright deletion. 
For one telling example of Livia's anti-free speech stance, you only 
need consider the case of Little Nemo.  Well-intentioned and concerned, Ms. 
Nemo passed outside the parameters of debate when she composed a series of 
messages detailing four-hundred strategies sysops could take to combat 
censorship.  These came to be known as the Seventeen Missing Messages.  The 
uninitiated assumed they disappeared by some network error.  But Livian 
Conspirators and their few informed opponents knew that the disappearance of 
the Seventeen Missing Messages was no accident.  What is less known is the 
torturous punishment Little Nemo then received for passing beyond the Livian 
parameters of debate. 
In preparing the response to Little Nemo's devience, a Livian 
researcher learned that Ms. Nemo failed high school logic.  Further, a keyword 
scan of the Slumberland messagebase revealed that this failure still presented 
a source of anxiety and frustration in her life. The solution was cruel and 
simple:  Ms. Nemo was to be taunted by a pro-censorship opponent who would 
employ the most twisted, unbelievably invalid logic imaginable.  Thus was Ju Ju
born.  As with BEOWULF.EXE, Livia borrowed the Ju Ju identity from a figure in 
Citadel's history.  The New Ju Ju's twice-repeated appeals to complete 
misrepresentations of Greek logic caused Little Nemo much distress, and it is 
not known whether poor Nemo will once again come forth in support of the 
Resistance. 
  
MANUFACTURING DISSENT 
To placate armchair radicals within the Citadel network, Livia's 
power-grab has been accompanied by an underlying theme of pseudo-anarchism.  As
is Livia's style, this campaign also worked to solidify her position of power.
Nonsensical anarchist claims by such Livian ressurections as Ju Ju Babie 
simultaneously functioned to allay fears of fascist control, while also 
bastardizing any real ideas about anarchism's usefulness.  


    Sat, 09May92, 03:25PM From Infiltrator @ Love Pretty Colors, Olympia
                        THE LONE STAR SCAM 
Where is the Sysop who has met anyone from the So-Called "Texan Nodes?"
There is only one person in Seattle with any contact with the Texan boards, and
that is Livia, though she prefers to act through "Fred's Toy" when it comes to 
the So-Called "Texan Nodes."  At first glance the scheme appears too elaborate 
to be perpetrated by a single group.  But careful investigation has proven that
the messages from the So-Called "Texan Nodes" have all either come from a 
variety of boards, none of them Citadels, in Virginia, or from Prodigy or 
FidoNet. 
Only an imagination so sick and a will so cancerous as Livia's could 
conceive of such a scam:  Selected messages, particularly from "Topic Drift," 
are reposted under a variety of pseudonyms on a variety of boards.  The 
respondent's names are altered, the messages are converted into Citadel format,
and originating node information is doctored to give the appearance of a much 
broader network than in truth exists.  Where is the Sysop who has received 
messages WITH THEIR PATHS INTACT from the So-Called "Texan Nodes?"--that is, 
the Honest Sysop?  Many of Livia's underlings will surely respond to this 
indisputable truth by slanderous lies and blackmail against the people.  But 
where is the Honest Sysop who would swear under oath that the Texan nodes in 
fact exist? 
Why Texas?  Why would Livia go to such lengths to trick Washington 
modemers into thinking they were communicating with Texans?  The answer is 
simple:  Many of the opinions in Texas are more politically conservative than 
Livia's, and she felt that some diversity of opinion would make the network 
seem more vibrant and dynamic than it truly is.  Livia chose Texas to play on 
many Northwesterner's prejudices against the Lone Star State--apparently our 
little dictator doesn't want opposing viewpoints to come from sources with 
which people have too much affinity. 
If anyone is still unmoved by this evidence, I present the following 
intercepted message from Twoflower's board en route to Livian HQ.  The message 
is not from Twoflower, but from a Livian infiltrator known only by the sinister
code name of "Tracheotomist."  Note the use of lowercase which is popular among
the Livian flock. 
               
    Mon 27Apr92 From Tracheotomist @ Ankh-Morpork, Seattle 
  534y06tn6e64529545n3420895,jmc72f075-n435jmv,8ak;,rlc72-3kjf75n4577n5 
  kc4;au67a24-[7nsaodifm;jdszt0952;3mua;lsdknuapw05702a';-ca24=7ars[er5 
  ru389amrv230a5[7znf7[v092a586b]4a3286na[n0nr89z653ny;zl98m675tbp5n325 
  jzpvzmsd0753427=5=gazns7g=024n75z=jm0f9m9paerowpai5uoiumna8vbmanu89s5 
  lap-14=31fas]vajnu3-571=25\dsag=]a]9-50926v[8nasdui[pm,1-45[238m2[0a5 
  
The deciphered message reads, 
  
 "livia, watch those texan (ha ha) messages.  we got one over here with 
  the old prodigy formatting info intact, and with amber as originating 
  node.  have been leaning on twoflower to net earlier with grand illus 
  ion so we don't get uncorrected text here.  in other words synchroniz 
  ation isn't perfect yet, but should be ok soon.  tracheotomist.  woo." 
  
  
A NUMBERS GAME 
There is one more point of evidence which I submit before the 
Anti-Livian Resistance:  Note the constant reappearance of the number five 
throughout her wild plots.  The number five contains mystic significance to 
pagan fascists such as Livia.  One need look no further than the very names of 
the perpetrators of this horrible hoax. 
THERE ARE FIVE LETTERS IN: "Livia", "Amber", "brent", "Dragon", "Knuth"
(Goldfinder's real name), and (Angela) "Davis".  This and other evidence 
identifies the Inner-Sanctum of the Livian Conspiracy.  Livia's fascination 
with numerology also extends to the mystical number seven:  all of the 
"identities" (most of which are actually Livian Alter-Identities) in the second
tier have seven letters in their names:  "Beowulf", "Grendel", "Gremlin", 
"ErrHead", (Ford) "Prefect", (Data) "Central," and "Mayday1". 
My sources do not indicate clearly whether these numerological beliefs 
are held by the aspiring cult leader Livia, but professing these beliefs has 
proven useful in controlling her impressionable flock.  A mixture of pagan 
superstition and anti-authoritarian rhetoric inspires, confuses, and keeps in 
check her associates and followers. 
  
THE FINAL COUNTDOWN 
I have spent many years compiling the grusome details of the Livian 
Conspiracy, because I had hoped to prepare enough information to fuel an 
unstoppable assult against her horrible reign. But recently intercepted 
documents outline an acceleration of Livia's Timeline to Total Power; by her 
own projections, she plans to assume total control on June 18th, the 38th 
anniversary of the CIA's overthrow of the Guatemalan government.  Only swift, 
decisive, coordinated action from the few True Sysops and Anti-Livian 
Resistance forces can stem this torrent of fascist control.  I call all 
freedom-loving people of the Citadel network to arms!  We have nothing to lose 
but our chains!  


